Add porting guide and other docs (#3)
nrfconnect/nrf70-bm: README.rst

=========================
nRF70 BM Driver README
=========================

This document provides instructions on how to set up and use the nRF70 BM driver with `west` for nRF boards or `git submodule` for customer boards.

Setup Instructions
==================

Using `west` for nRF Boards
---------------------------

For applications integrating the nRF70 Series BM driver it is recommended to use `west` for building and programming  when using official Nordic development boards.

1. **Install West:**

    Follow the instructions on the official Zephyr Project documentation to install `west`:
    https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/guides/west/install.html

2. **Clone the Repository:**

    Clone the main repository using `west`:

    ```sh
    west init -m https://github.com/nrfconnect/nrf70-bm

>     cd nrf70-bm-driver

Reviewer: btw, it looks like the generated directory is "nrf70-bm"

=========================

> nRF70 BM Driver README

Reviewer: nRF70 Series

Reviewer: @krish2718 can we switch to "nRF70 Series" across all references?

=========================

> This document provides instructions on how to set up and use the nRF70 BM driver with `west` for nRF boards or `git submodule` for customer boards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides instructions on how to set up and use the nRF70 BM driver with `west` for nRF boards or `git submodule` for third-party boards.
```

Reviewer: any reason this comment was not accepted?

Setup Instructions
==================

Using `west` for nRF Boards
---------------------------

`west` is the official Zephyr Project meta-tool that manages the Zephyr Project source code and its dependencies.

> It is recommended to use `west` to build and flash the nRF70 BM driver for nRF boards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For applications integrating the nRF70 Series BM driver it is recommended to use `west` for building and programming  when using official Nordic development boards.
```

1. **Install West:**

    Follow the instructions on the official Zephyr Project documentation to install `west`:
    https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/guides/west/install.html

2. **Clone the Repository:**

    Clone the main repository using `west`:

    ```sh
    west init -m https://github.com/nrfconnect/nrf70-bm
    cd nrf70-bm-driver
    west update
    ```

3. **Build the Project:**

    Use `west` to build the project for your specific board:

    ```sh
    west build -b your_board_name
    ```

4. **Flash the Board:**

    Flash the firmware onto your nRF board:

    ```sh
    west flash
    ```

> Using `git submodule` for Customer Boards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `git submodule` for third-party boards
```

------------------------------------------

1. **Clone the Repository:**

    Clone the main repository and its submodules:

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/nrfconnect/nrf70-bm --recurse-submodules
    ```

    If you have already cloned the repository without submodules, you can initialize and update the submodules with:

    ```sh
    git submodule update --init --recursive
    ```

2. Build and flashing instructions depend on the customer board and the build system used.

> Directory Structure

Reviewer: Should we call it Source Directory structure? Essentially this is the source code of the project

===================

> The directory structure should look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The directory structure shall look like this:
```

.. code-block:: none

    nrf70_bm_lib/         # nRF70 BM driver library
    sdk_nrfxlib/          # nRF Connect SDK nrfxlib
      nrf_wifi/           # nRF70 Wi-Fi OS agnostic driver
    samples/              # Sample applications
      radio_test_bm/      # Radio test sample application
      scan_bm/            # Scan sample application
    nrf70_zephyr_shim/    # Zephyr shim for nRF70, reference for customer boards

Porting guide
=============

> The nRF70 BM library is designed to be portable across different platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF70 Series BM Driver is designed to be portable across different platforms.
```

I assume that the BM Library is - by definition - portable. But the Library is only a part of the BM driver.

The `nrf70_zephyr_shim` directory contains a reference implementation for Zephyr.
This reference implementation can be used as a guide to port the library to other platforms.

> Please refer to `nrf70_bm_lib/docs` for more information on the library and the porting guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to `nrf70_bm_lib/docs` for more information on the BM Driver and the porting guide.
```
